Of course the problem we have right now is we're not fetching the user input or anything like that.
So let's do this next.
All stored in a constant name city name.
And I'm just using concept old constants all over the place because I'm actually never changing those
values so therefore it certainly is a good practice to use a constant in the first place.
So the city name should be whatever the user entered into this input field in order to get this I can
use my elements and then access them or access the user input from this aliments searched said the constant
here which queries or which selects my input field.
So here it's whoops.
You'll let me type here.
Thank you.
Element
search city should be is.
And then the value property the property value to get whatever the user enters here and can actually
see this by outputting data an hour earlier.
So if I enter a London year and click show whether Well I see London in my effort.
So that works perfect.
Of course if I enter let's say with something really long look of whitespace is here and then London
I also see those white spaces and I don't want to have that I don't want to search for whitespace as
later on.
I just want to have the city name without any leading whitespace or whitespace at the end of the word
.
Therefore what I will do is I will write a way trim it by just changing the trim method here.
So now if I hit enter a lot of whitespace is it an entry and then again you see the egg white spaces
are gone and I just get the name.
I also want to check if the user does enter something because if the user doesn't enter something into
this field while I don't don't want to reach out to my web servers and try to get a city which wasn't
entered in the first place right.
So therefore I will check it said the name dot length because it's a string and can therefore be treated
like an array.
In this respect I will check if the length is equal to zero.
And if this is the case I will return another word or I'd just say Please enter it a city name.
Now if I add to this we get police enter a city name but if I enter London I get London.
So the second alert.
So this check works great.
If that were fetching the user input and we're able to use it that or application